LAB2 README:

Files included are: 
                    Various image files
                    indexLogin.php
                    lab2.php
                    style.css
                    Adobe Illustrator files

Various Image files & Adobe Illustrator files:

            Included to show I made the images myself, and needed for the website to properly display images

lab2.php :

            main page that shows the forms to login or register a new user.
            The php section of this file, contains three sections. 
            1) The first section is to connect to the database, and declare an array that will be used for error messages.
            2) The second section is for users logging in. It is based of an if conditional and then procceeds to strip the
               string of potential unnecessary characters and then proceeds to ensure that characters were entered into the fields.
               The next step is to check that the error array is empty, and if so then proceeds to hash the password, and query the 
               database to see if the username password combination exists. 
               If successful, it echos success and procceeds to move to the indexLogin page for users.
               If unsuccessful, then pushes error of invalid username or password.
            3) The third section is for the registering of new users. This section performs the same preparing actions to the strings
               given by the user. Then does the necessary check to ensure the fields were not left empty. If the entries are not empty then 
               it will proceed to check for duplicate usernames. This is completed by doing a query to the database. The first function will 
               return a value greater than 0 if it finds a match. The next function used in the if condition, mysqli_num_rows, gets the number of 
               rows in a result, if this is greater than zero, then we know that there has been a match. 
               If there are no matches, then a query is made to insert the username and password and the password is hashed. Then a success message is given 
               and the new user is sent to the users page.

indexLogin.php : 

            User page for users that have logged in or created an account.
            contains a php if conditional to check that someone has is a user has entered the page, and that the page is not being accessed while 
            unauthorized. If user has entered legally, then a check is done to see if the user is Administrator. If so then the page is different 
            compared to a regular user. The page contains a table with the database contents of usernames and passwords. This is done by connecting to the
            database and then doing a mysql query get the usernames and passwords and order them by username in ascending order. 
            Then a table is created and a while loop to go through the contents of the database until everything has been displayed on the screen.

            The rest of the page is the same for all users, firstly an image displaying their successful login, and then a button that can alter the 
            background image of the page, giving the illusion of altering the color theme. 
            There is also a logout link provided that takes them back the lab2.php page.
style.css :

            CSS page containing all the styling for the page, mostly simple styling taken on the various divs and this style sheet is used on both lab2 and 
            indexLogin so as to ensure a similar feel depending on which page the user is on.